It's Christmas, I'm home with my family
Which explains the wallpapers and the big football pants
Also, I know I already uploaded a Christmas video in it too
I canceled until 2016 because there will certainly be no company,
which will have a huge, easy to avoid security problem during Christmas
which people will be asking me to, um, I explain ...
[pause]
When I was a kid at school, there was something called "chinny reckon".
In your school he might have called it another way
such as Jimmy Hill or an itchy beard, but the idea was:
someone invented a dubious assertion
for example, their uncle works at NASA and
gives them a ride on space rockets
and you say yes, of course. "Chinny reckon".
Well, around the same time, even when the World Wide Web was just a few servers that worked mainly
in academic laboratories,
they did not need now called web caches:
a query comes for a web page and the server, in the past,
would look at this page on the disk
and would load it and send it back
But as the network expanded, server requests became much bigger -
not only in terms of the number of individual file requests they receive,
but how much work they should do for each of these queries
Loading the Steam main page includes loading more than 50 requests for files, images, and
style schemes,
and returns between 5 and 6 megabytes of data.
But there is a lot of work in the background:
their server should check the database,
find out which games are currently being promoted from all 10,000 Steam games,
to load all price information,
decide which bits go to which part of the site, and if you logged in,
you need to add tons of customized stuff to you just.
All this is extremely heavy for a database.
It takes a lot of processor power.
And here comes the caching.
Thus, there are many ways web servers cache:
has Content Delivery Networks
and even the user's browser.
And in the case of Steam, they use all the techniques,
including the one that got fucked here,
which is caching their web servers.
A huge number of requests to Steam servers are for pages that are already generated
soon.
If they receive ten thousand queries per second on their home page,
it would be ridiculous for the server to open its database and
to look for what is currently being offered ten thousand times per second,
only in case something has changed.
So he's only reviewing it once, caching the result in his memory for ...
well, I do not know for how long, maybe a second, maybe a minute,
may even half an hour in some cases.
Indeed, a huge number of servers do exactly the same thing:
there is no way just a web server to handle a site as large as Steam,
so all hundreds of servers check the central database from time to time,
they keep their own version of each public page in their own memory,
and they send it to everyone who asks for it.
And when a query comes, it is forwarded to any of these free servers.
Thus, if there is a sudden leap in traffic,
Steam can just run several additional servers,
add them to those who match the queries and everything works.
And each server can have 30 different versions of this site cached: for different
languages,
for different regions, for different devices.
If this server has the correct version in memory and it is not outdated,
there is no reason to deal with the database -
he just sends the one he already knows.
This means that only a minimal amount of the huge amount of traffic has to bother
database:
the rest comes directly from the memory of a system built to send web pages,
which is tens of times faster.
Which is great for anonymous passers-by,
who just read about a game or watch the main page.
But what about the people logged into the system?
They expect to see their name and avatar at the top of the page,
to see the entire site personalized for them.
It does not make sense to sell someone a game they already own.
Unless you have it on a CD 10 years ago
you do not care to look for him,
and it's about $ 2 to install it again, so ...
Anyway. The traditional logic is that you do not cache pages for users who are logged in
Logged users are the minority of most sites -
as a news site, you have thousands,
perhaps millions of people reading, but only a little
who can log in and change what's there.
So, anyone who is not logged in, millions, they get the standard,
cached version but if you log in as an editor,
then every time you want a page,
the server checks the database to check everything again,
in case anything has changed.
Cache does not bar something that is personalized.
But: this is not always a good strategy.
Steam may receive more requests from logged-in users than anonymous,
especially when there is a sale
people often reload the page to see if anything has changed, ready to buy.
In such a situation it may be a good idea to tell the web servers that yes,
you need to cache some pages, such as the main,
for logged-in users, as long as you do 2 things:
First, you crash the cache if any data changes,
so no one will buy a game and then see that it can still be bought.
And second, absolutely never let someone see someone else's cached page.
Emmy, someone from Steam, at Christmas,
make a quick change to the caching system,
surely to make the site go a little faster.
And, without asking, they told the caching servers not to care
the current logged-in user, or any of their settings.
So when, a moment later, a request came from someone to see their own, personal account,
one of the caches browses the account in the database,
then stores the received web page.
In what language it was,
with the personal data of which he was there.
And when someone else sends a request for their account page after a fraction of a second:
this server has sent the cached page,
which contains the details of the first person, back to the second.
And each one of these many, many web servers caches someone else's information -
who had no luck to ask for their details from the server first,
right at the wrong time.
And maybe after a minute, perhaps more,
cache has caused these data to lose validity,
and quickly stored the details of the next unhappy man,
sending them to everyone else.
At this point, many people checked their own account details,
wondering if their credit cards would be drained.
So if this is some support for Steam, they are not alone,
they made the same mistake as the Norwegian government in 2012,
when for about 15 minutes,
Everyone who logs in to see his taxes saw some other personal details.
In fact, they are not just some other personal details,
but the details of a man named Kenneth Belkowski from Oslo.
I believe they personally apologized to Kenneth.
And good news is that the request to update the data -
that is to change passwords, to buy things,
and so on - will never hit the cache.
Well, it should not, unless there is a much larger cut that Steam did not say
to anyone for the moment.
When you click on "Buy" or "Change password"
your browser sends something called a POST request that passes all caches -
so your cookie cookie is checked along the path,
and most likely will show an error if you think you are trying to see someone
another account.
Which means that these people - and I've seen a few -
who claim that during the shoot somebody bought soup games on their account
and
immediately request a refund? Well,
I'm not saying you make it up,
but if it was the playground: "chinny reckon".
Merry Christmas to all.
One more thing I remembered while I was editing this:
If you know a gamer on Youtube, a twitter in Twitch,
which meets these requirements:
tell him to contact me,
there is a joint work that I will want to do with them,
at the beginning of the new year.
Translated by Iliya Manolov ...